Once again it's time for the
code. It is Wednesday, on the
of August 25th,
2004. Good afternoon, good
good morning wherever you are.
Adam Curry. Welcome to
my daily brain dump which
showed up on your iPod or the
device automatically
this morning. It's Wednesday
here and Wednesday still is a
day. It's the
middle of the week and again the
clock went off at 3.30 this
and I'm feeling
pretty worn down but we're
closer to the end of that. I
to talk about a
couple things today mainly about
these audio blog posts or audio
should be.
This morning though when I got
Dave slushers getting closures.
Pearl script had nicely
a brand new IT conversations on
iPod
And I was extremely happy to see
it was an hour and two minutes
my commute is about an hour and
minutes
And it was IT conversations very
Oprah Hallie suit
With the second installment of
trip down memory lane the show
called memory lane
The first one was with Joey Ito
this time she interviewed Dan
who is the
The founding father of the
Busy Cal for those of you who
And it was again a great great
you know, you just listen to you
to lots of computer
science and technology history
Events that took place that I
I remember a lot of them
Which is nice. It's it's funny
hear how they do that, you know,
think she
Because of her very personal
I think she gets a lot more out
people like Dan, then someone
might.
I don't know.
I've done that again.
But it's certainly worth
good show.
And then I did say that it was
hour and two minutes.
I was really happy about that.
And that immediately got me to
about,
well, what is the ideal length
one of these shows?
Of course, depending on how
are going to use it,
I presume that some will
find being three or four or five
long.
But I'm just supposing here that
lot of people
listen to these during a commute
in the morning
or in the afternoon and sitting
your car,
you're on the train, the bus,
whatever.
So I think that they should
be, well,
if it's a set show, maybe with a
for every episode,
it could easily be half an hour
an hour,
so you could split it up.
I'm trying to keep mine to 15
because, well, I figured if I'm
myself,
I must be boring the tears out
you,
which is also an interesting
As Andy Warhol once said, 15
15 minutes of fame. Maybe these
are supposed to be about 15
One that
is much shorter but showed up a
spoof of me, courtesy of Steve
Now Steve
has done some video blogging
most recently from the
National
Convention. He's really getting
chops down on editing, putting
own stuff together.
He found some video blog
I linked to it on my web blog.
should check it
out because I'm quite impressed
the software. You register, you
in. It says,
can we connect to your webcam?
it did not mine. I'm on a Mac,
I presume that
may have something to do with
But no configuration. You just
record and then you can record
your video. It stores it on
server. Really nice.
And so Steve, I guess he's a
because he did a spoof on the
Source code and
he did a video version of it, a
message. So I'll play the audio
the
that for you.
Okay.
Hello and welcome to the Daily
Code.
Hi, I'm Eddie Adam Curry Castle
in Belgium because some people
you know, we're
only $50,000 close to someone.
So I hope that really goes
Hang on a second.
We got dogs here and everything.
You know, it's crazy.
There's lots of animals here.
There's the phone.
And my wife's coming in.
She wants to talk to me.
Some believable show.
She always wants to talk to me.
She knows I'm trying to do this.
I'm not making any money.
That's why she's mad.
Okay.
So that's the Daily Source Code
today.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
As far as I could tell, I did
without a script.
I thought that was pretty good.
And it's true though, you know,
is...
Hello and welcome to the Daily
Code.
Hi, I'm Eddie Adam Curry,
here in Belgium.
We don't want that to be looping
Okay.
He's right that there's, you
I feel like I'm pretty crazy,
know, doing this
stuff, trying to figure it out,
to get people to transfer stuff
onto their iPod.
But I know there's got to be
there of if now I'm already
spooked by Steve
Garfield then you know you're
the big time but I do think that
Writing is one thing on web
when it comes to being able to
through
audio and video.
Doing this stuff takes practice.
They call it the recording arts
sciences.
There's stuff to be learned to
it.
There's software that isn't
very user friendly.
There's a pretty steep learning
in the beginning.
I think that there will be a
though.
Maybe it's audiobooks.
Maybe it's audio blogs.
As I'm sure there will be a
market.
Once we start to make it a
bit easier to receive stuff, to
it onto your player,
your play or whatever your play
device is.
I think that the download
is a lot more interesting
we can get a lot
higher quality.
You don't have to sit around
for stuff.
It just kind of shows up.
Yeah, it's not a video on
It's not immediate.
It's a video by subscription or
by subscription.
That's why I was talking about
which I like.
I know I've mentioned it before.
I listened to a lot of them,
because I've been in the car a
in the
past year.
And Dave Weiner, I tried to talk
him today.
He's traveling on his way to
He's going to be on the road for
week and he's blogging from the
You can see it on scripting.com.
And he had sent me a note that
had listened to my source code
he said, well, thanks
for the recommendation.
I subscribed, signed up with
And I also downloaded the book
you would suggest, which is
by Michael Criton,
which is 14 hours worth of MP3
But I thought it was very
Dave hated it and he's been in
car and he's been playing this
He said it was almost done.
He's listened more than 13 hours
the book that he hates.
So, it may not be the best guy
refer audio books to you.
But then I thought for a second,
know...
Cute, no one's reviewing audio
Maybe there's something there.
Oprah certainly did okay with
book club.
And since I've already listened
so many of them, what the heck
try and review
now and then.
So for instance today, what we
I've been listening to a book
Anti-Americanism
by French author Jean-Francois
Vérez.
They did that accent, huh?
Of course it's been translated.
Apparently he wrote another book
Without Marks or Jesus, which
was
a bestseller.
Unfortunately, I don't know
about it nor is it available on
Just go to the blurb here, what
give you about the book
Just taking a moment here.
Of course, lots of heavy
going on in the community.
There we go.
Of course, now it's out here it
Hold on.
So there's two...
We're sorry.
We've encountered an assistant
on your browser.
It was less idle and lost
with audible.com.
Oh, thanks.
So, I guess I can't plug in your
writing there.
Okay.
So this book was also quite
because it discusses
It's written by a French guy.
And he basically says, bullshit.
You know, all of this stuff
all these...
There are so many myths about
that someone has to say it.
And by the way, we as Europeans
want to look at ourselves once
a while
before we start pointing the
overseas at the hyper superpower
the United States of America.
A couple things about
So, you know, one, there's just
story and the book and whatever
going to listen to.
Then, of course, there's the
how the reader, you know,
the words.
And there's also the quality.
the quality.
And in this is a prime example
I think, a reader that just
put everything into it that he
or he sounds a little bit too
it's very dry.
I think he reads just a tad too
And the quality really, really
ass.
But I want you to listen to a
bit of it.
So you get a feel for this book.
His title is a little bit
by a French guy.
Well, it's actually none of
So listen to this from John F.
you
We deceive ourselves if we think
can negotiate with the al-Qaeda
and their ilk.
For this course to have the
chance of success, their
would have to
be logical.
As it is, an abyss separates
from any rational course of
and terrorism is
the parody of policy that serves
fill it.
you
The days that immediately
the unleashing of the full
war against
democracy in general and the
States in particular turned out
be an extremely
interesting and revealing
ground.
Since over a period of two
the phobias and fallacies of
anti-Americanism
and of neo-totalitarianism
intensified.
The clumsiest of these fallacies
an attempt to justify Islamist
by claiming
that America has long been
towards Islam.
But the truth is that the United
actions historically have been
less damaging to
Muslim interests than the
of Britain, France or Russia.
These European powers have
Muslim countries, occupied and
oppressed
them over decades and even
Americans on the other hand have
colonized a Muslim nation.
Americans' events know hostility
Islam as such today.
the contrary their interventions
Somalia, Bosnia and Kosovo as
as the pressure
exerted on the Macedonian
were designed to defend most of
I've been listening to this book
the past couple of days. I think
about
six hours worth of five and a
hours worth of audio. It's
hard to concentrate.
You heard the speaker. It's just
a nice voice at all and sounds
nasal. I should
take that back to Audible and
them they should get it redone.
do pick up a lot of things.
It's all of the books. I'll try
do one a day as long as the
lasts. For all the books
that are about the Bush Bin
connection and 9-11
I listened to a lot of those.
This one definitely gives you a
different perspective. Even some
myths or some common beliefs
I've never really stopped to
about really are quite mythical.
If you do, if different facts or
angles perspective is shown to
which this book does.
One more thing I had for us
was second this was a some note
I'd made myself taxes once you
the audio software running that
just anything any other
you bring to the foreground
to hurt.
I want to talk about the in a
were the are bought g are that
spreading the internet at least
getting a lot of a lot of
a lot of stories about this.
So this were was distributed
to the back door and essentially
the distributor of the were to
your webcam and look at you and
in on you or whatever the webcam
pointed at.
And it's like everyone's acting
this is a bad thing I think this
great this should be a feature
built into every single
In fact would it be nice if we
did have a compatible video
system this guy apparently has
all figured out whoever has done
were because.
He can check on all our webcam
you know I think this needs to
explored from a whole different
and.
And quite frankly, I wouldn't
looking at someone else's
If we could connect, I wouldn't
checking out my neighbors.
And maybe I'd even have some
cash.
It left in my bank account to do
Grum Song of the Day.
A song that has been performed
many famous singers throughout
years.
This is one of, if not the
I believe it's from 1936.
This is La Vianvosa, since we
kind of in a French vibe,
to you by the perfectly
German Marlena Dietrich.
And I'm not going to be a fan of
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
They're more than two-lors,
some fake elkersos, they're here
the trade of mocha, in a part of
wonder, Dorja Conne la Cósé.
Tell me, for one more, for
la vie.
L'Hélé, l'Hélé.
L'Héléville, l'Hélé.
De que chou la péos ones.
A la justo some one, mocha, ke
I'm going to say it's my fault.
Go, feel upon us, everyone, hear
the two minds.
No one ever knows, be on the
and be on the road.
We'll be on the road, we'll be
the road.
you
Yeah, take that Steve Garfield
com.
Okay, I see that I've gone over
allotted 15 minutes, a little
on the long side today.
So, we're going to sign off and
well we'll see what tomorrow
Take care and I'll see you
with another source code.
Bye-bye.
This is how it goes.
♪♪
Our own door is gone.
Oh, oh.
Hmm.
Thanks for watching!
.